[Music]
covering her mouth if you're gonna
kidnap her is not gonna make her less
scared okay Darla it's me it's Billy I
know I don't look like me a wizard made
me look don't start the wizard another
more confused
some old guy brought me to a temple and
he made me say Shazam visit verbally
triggered body manipulation properties
you can switch my sage Shazam maybe was
that you are you okay I was screwing a
bulb sorry Darla you cannot tell anybody
about this all right
it's Billy he's a hero yeah but a super
villain finds out that either hero that
endangers us okay
heroes loved ones are like the perfect
bad guy target she even go to keep you
secrets
[Music]